+++
date = 2015-05-08T08:01:27Z
title = "On your marks..."
tags = [ ]

+++

<p>It was on the 8 December last year that Mark first <a href="http://www.ukgser.com/forums/showthread.php/387288-Morocco-HUMM-May-2015">posted on the UKGSer forum asking if anyone was thinking of entering the HUMM</a>. There was some interest from a few people and various routes and options were discussed. Then it went quiet over Christmas. As soon as the celebrations were over though, thoughts of Spring and warmer weather returned and the conversation started up in the UKGSer forum once again. Team Wrong Direction was starting to take shape very early on, and we had our first planning meeting in the Cotswolds in March. The weather wasn’t much improved so most of us drove :-). But we did manage to come up with a rough itinerary.</p>

<p>Right from the start there were 5 team members, Mark, Pete, Jeff, Patrick and Andrew. Almost at the last minute, Andrew had some problems back home and had to fly back to South Africa. Unfortunately, he wasn’t able to return in time so the team is now down to 4. Maybe we can pick up a 5th member once we get to Morocco, there are a lot of bikers heading that way so who knows.</p>

<p>Anyway, the point is, today is the day Mark, Jeff and Patrick board the ferry to Santander. Pete left last Saturday and is currently playing in the Pyrenees. We all meet up in Palencia, Spain on Saturday for the official start to our adventures. Watch this space to find out what happens next.</p>
