+++
date = 2015-05-11T10:43:28Z
title = "Brazatortas"
tags = [ ]

[tumblr]
format = "markdown"
short_url = "https://tmblr.co/ZS7H-k1kYKi-x"
summary = "Brazatortas"
is_blocks_post_format = false
note_count = 0.0
slug = "brazatortas"
timestamp = 1.431341008e+09
state = "published"
display_avatar = true
can_reblog = false
can_send_in_message = true
title = "Brazatortas"
can_like = false
blog_name = "wrongdirect2015"
id = 1.18687453179e+11
date = "2015-05-11 10:43:28 GMT"
tags = [ ]
body = "<p>Some amazing roads through the hills on our way south with hardly another vehicle on the road. Temperature hit 35° at one point, which gives us a chance to acclimatise to the heat before we get to Morocco. We were contemplating wild camping but chickened out in the end and found a hotel named La Zarza in Brazatortes.</p>"
can_reply = false
type = "text"
post_url = "http://wrongdirection.info/post/118687453179/brazatortas"
reblog_key = "Jom5gKfX"

[tumblr.reblog]
comment = "<p>Some amazing roads through the hills on our way south with hardly another vehicle on the road. Temperature hit 35° at one point, which gives us a chance to acclimatise to the heat before we get to Morocco. We were contemplating wild camping but chickened out in the end and found a hotel named La Zarza in Brazatortes.</p>"
tree_html = ""

[[tumblr.trail]]
content_raw = "<p>Some amazing roads through the hills on our way south with hardly another vehicle on the road. Temperature hit 35° at one point, which gives us a chance to acclimatise to the heat before we get to Morocco. We were contemplating wild camping but chickened out in the end and found a hotel named La Zarza in Brazatortes.</p>"
content = "<p>Some amazing roads through the hills on our way south with hardly another vehicle on the road. Temperature hit 35&deg; at one point, which gives us a chance to acclimatise to the heat before we get to Morocco. We were contemplating wild camping but chickened out in the end and found a hotel named La Zarza in Brazatortes.</p>"
is_current_item = true
is_root_item = true

[tumblr.trail.post]
id = "118687453179"

[tumblr.trail.blog]
can_be_followed = true
name = "wrongdirect2015"
active = true
share_likes = false
share_following = false

[tumblr.trail.blog.theme]
title_font_weight = "bold"
background_color = "#FAFAFA"
header_image_scaled = "https://example.com/images/30/9a/777df0fd4419164538f649f22d78.jpg"
header_stretch = false
link_color = "#529ECC"
show_header_image = true
avatar_shape = "square"
header_image_focused = "https://example.com/images/30/9a/777df0fd4419164538f649f22d78.jpg"
show_title = false
header_bounds = 0.0
header_image = "https://example.com/images/66/f4/dfbdc02dfba0c0389746db3c3a02.jpg"
body_font = "Helvetica Neue"
show_avatar = false
show_description = true
title_color = "#444444"
title_font = "Gibson"
+++
