+++
date = 2015-05-13T10:04:29Z
title = "Chefchaouen"
slug = "chefchaouen"
id = "118853926529"
aliases = [ "/post/118853926529/chefchaouen" ]
tags = [ ]
type = "tumblr-text"

[tumblr]
can_reply = false
id = 1.18853926529e+11
state = "published"
format = "markdown"
reblog_key = "t6meVc90"
note_count = 1.0
title = "Chefchaouen"
type = "text"
can_send_in_message = true
display_avatar = true
blog_name = "wrongdirect2015"
slug = "chefchaouen"
timestamp = 1.431511469e+09
summary = "Chefchaouen"
is_blocks_post_format = false
can_reblog = false
post_url = "http://wrongdirection.info/post/118853926529/chefchaouen"
date = "2015-05-13 10:04:29 GMT"
tags = [ ]
short_url = "https://tmblr.co/ZS7H-k1kiFlw1"
body = "<p>We arrived late afternoon in Chefchaouen after our first taste of riding off piste. Jeff found a 50km route across country from Tangier so we decided to follow it. There was some Tarmac but also a lot of gravel tracks. We rode through local markets full of people wandering across the &lsquo;road&rsquo;. There are a lot of goats along the side of the road, and dogs and cats seemingly running wild.</p>\n\n<p>Chefchaouen is known as the Blues City due to the colour of a lot of the houses. We went for a wander and found the local carpet laundry and towel makers hidden in whatever shade that could find using old fashion looms to make souvenirs for the tourists.</p>"
can_like = false

[tumblr.reblog]
tree_html = ""
comment = "<p>We arrived late afternoon in Chefchaouen after our first taste of riding off piste. Jeff found a 50km route across country from Tangier so we decided to follow it. There was some Tarmac but also a lot of gravel tracks. We rode through local markets full of people wandering across the ‘road’. There are a lot of goats along the side of the road, and dogs and cats seemingly running wild.</p>\n\n<p>Chefchaouen is known as the Blues City due to the colour of a lot of the houses. We went for a wander and found the local carpet laundry and towel makers hidden in whatever shade that could find using old fashion looms to make souvenirs for the tourists.</p>"

[[tumblr.trail]]
is_root_item = true
content_raw = "<p>We arrived late afternoon in Chefchaouen after our first taste of riding off piste. Jeff found a 50km route across country from Tangier so we decided to follow it. There was some Tarmac but also a lot of gravel tracks. We rode through local markets full of people wandering across the ‘road’. There are a lot of goats along the side of the road, and dogs and cats seemingly running wild.</p>\n\n<p>Chefchaouen is known as the Blues City due to the colour of a lot of the houses. We went for a wander and found the local carpet laundry and towel makers hidden in whatever shade that could find using old fashion looms to make souvenirs for the tourists.</p>"
content = "<p>We arrived late afternoon in Chefchaouen after our first taste of riding off piste. Jeff found a 50km route across country from Tangier so we decided to follow it. There was some Tarmac but also a lot of gravel tracks. We rode through local markets full of people wandering across the &lsquo;road&rsquo;. There are a lot of goats along the side of the road, and dogs and cats seemingly running wild.</p>\n\n<p>Chefchaouen is known as the Blues City due to the colour of a lot of the houses. We went for a wander and found the local carpet laundry and towel makers hidden in whatever shade that could find using old fashion looms to make souvenirs for the tourists.</p>"
is_current_item = true

[tumblr.trail.blog]
name = "wrongdirect2015"
active = true
share_likes = false
share_following = false
can_be_followed = true

[tumblr.trail.blog.theme]
background_color = "#FAFAFA"
show_avatar = false
show_description = true
body_font = "Helvetica Neue"
header_bounds = 0.0
header_stretch = false
show_header_image = true
avatar_shape = "square"
header_image = "https://example.com/images/66/f4/dfbdc02dfba0c0389746db3c3a02.jpg"
header_image_focused = "https://example.com/images/30/9a/777df0fd4419164538f649f22d78.jpg"
link_color = "#529ECC"
header_image_scaled = "https://example.com/images/30/9a/777df0fd4419164538f649f22d78.jpg"
show_title = false
title_color = "#444444"
title_font = "Gibson"
title_font_weight = "bold"

[tumblr.trail.post]
id = "118853926529"
+++
